The next thing that I wanna
do is add support for
toggling these todo items as complete.
We wanna be able to
mark if it as complete.
Or if it's complete,
we wanna be able to uncheck that, so
that we can keep it on our list.
So to do that, we're going to
start by creating a new function.
And this function is going to
be called toggle-completed.
Because what we're gonna
do is actually just flip
it from whatever the previous state was.
So if it was false, it'll be true.
If it was true, it'll be false,
because we want people to be
able to choose multiple time.
You should be able to click that
button a bunch of times, and
it should always do what you expect, which
is switch to the other checkbox state.
So we're gonna pull in our sendQuery
helper, and that's going to be in
/utils/send-query.
And then we want to grab, we're just gonna
set up another GraphQL query right here.
This one's gonna be a mutation, and
it's going to accept a couple variables.
So we have an ID, the text,
and the completed.
So for this update, we're actually
just gonna send all three in.
Theoretically, what we could do
in the future is add support for
changing the text of the todo,
but we're not gonna do that here.
So our ID is going to be an ID type.
Our text is going to be string type.
And then we've got completed,
which is going to be a Boolean.
All of those are required.
Okay, so we have, make that
a little bit bigger, so we can see.
So we've got our mutation,
we've got our variables declared.
And inside, we can then say,
we're gonna update the todo.
And that will take the ID, and then it
takes the data that we want to change.
So what we're saying is I wanna
update the todo item with this ID.
And then I want to update its data to be
the value of text, and
the value of completed.
Let's make that wrap.
And then what we're gonna get
back is whatever we want.
I'm gonna send back just the ID and
the completed.
So let's set up our handler,
exports.handler.
And that is going to be async,
and it's going to get the event.
And we will pull the ID, the text,
and the completed out of the event.
So we're gonna JSON
parse the event.body And
then we also wanna get the data and
errors out of sendQuery.
And we'll send in TOGGLE_DONE, and
we'll also send in our ID, our text,
and whether or not it's completed.
So these are our variables that
are gonna complete this ID,
the text, and the completed.
That needs to be, okay, the ID,
the text and the completed,
which has a dollar sign, so
that we can actually use it.
So once we've got that,
I'm gonna go into our createtodo,
and I'm gonna get this back,
because we're just using that again.
And then down here, I'm going to
change this over to the updatedtodo,
and we'll just send back data.updatetodo.
We're gonna get that value out.
So with that created,
we can start netlify dev.
And I'm going to create a new,
Button in our todo component.
Because what I wanna show is I wanna
have a little check box here on the left
that I can toggle.
So let's make that happen,
if I just make that into a thing.
And then I can create my label,
and we'll give it an HTML4.
And that's going to be for
the todo toggle.
And we'll use the todo's ID, so
that it's unique,
because we're creating a for label.
We need to make sure that that's going
to correspond to something unique.
And by using the todo's ID,
we can ensure that each todo
will have a unique label and ID.
Which allows us to identify
it in screen later,
in a way that's actually useful to people.
It also avoids a problem, where if they
all have the same HTML4, if we click on
the label, it would toggle all of the
checkboxes on the screen at the same time.
So we're gonna do that, and we'll also
add a class name of styles.label,
which we'll have to
define in our module CSS.
And we're gonna say Mark Complete.
And then next to that,
I'm going to add an input.
And that is going to have an ID of here,
so I can just copy that straight across.
And then it will also
have a type of checkbox.
It's going to have a checked, and
that checked is going to come out of the
todo's, this is not a controlled input.
So much as it is a like
state managed input,
we don't control what the value is,
the todo itself controls it.
And then when we run on change,
we want to do something.
So we're gonna create a helper
called toggleCompleted.
And that's gonna live up here.
We'll have to actually write it, but,
We'll get to that in just a moment.
And finally, we'll add a class name,
it's gonna be styles.toggle.
Okay, so
we'll create a little space there.
And when I save this,
okay, it did what we want.
We've got a button, but I don't
actually wanna see this mark complete.
I just want that to be available for
screen readers.
So let's add a couple styles over here
to our module.CSS to help us out.
The first thing I'm gonna
do is just up at the top.
Let's add some label text, and
I'm gonna use the kinda standard,
visually hidden accessible
screen-reader text, class rules.
So we set a border to 0, and
then we're gonna set the clip
to a rectangle of four 0s.
We're gonna set the height and
the width to 1 pixel.
And we will set the margin to -1 pixel,
to offset that height.
Then we're going to set
the overflow to hidden, so
that nothing escapes this
little box we've created.
We'll set the padding to 0,
the position to absolute, so
that it doesn't cause anything to reflow,
and then I believe that's it.
Yes, so now that we've done that,
the label disappears,
but screen readers will
still be able to find it.
And so that's really important when
people are tapping through our app.
We want them to be able to
get that label text, so
they understand why that input exists.
Next, let's style up this
toggle a little bit, and
I'm gonna rely mostly on
just the browser styling.
The main thing that I wanna do is I want
to have a chart with a cursor pointer.
And I'm gonna add just a little
bit of right hand margin, so
that it's not crumb against
the text like that.
Whoops, I wanted to be
just on the right for now.
There we go, that looks more correct.
So from here, we need to make this
this handler actually do something.
So let's get into our todo one more time.
Where did it go?
Here it is.
And up here in our toggleCompleted,
we're just gonna write out some
logic to make this do some things.
So we need to import Axios, so
that we can send that command, or
we can call our server less function.
And inside of toggleCompleted,
we are going to run axios.post, and
we'll hit /api/toggle-completed.
And we're gonna send in some data to that.
So in Axios, the second argument
is any data that we wanna send in.
So I'm gonna say that the ID is todo._id.
I'm going to say that the text
is todo.text, and completed.
We're going to flip the Boolean state.
So we're gonna do the opposite of
whatever the current completed state is.
And once that's done,
we want to reload the todo's.
So we already wrote this helper,
we just need to pass it in.
So in our form, I can take this
reloadTodo's that we already wrote.
Not on our form, in the index.
We wrote reloadTodos.
So now in our todo,
we can just include that.
So we can save this.
Come back out to our todo,
and then we can call this,
We need to grab it out of the props.
Okay, so assuming all is gone well,
when I check this box,
I think should happen, but it didn't.
What did I do wrong?
Let's see, cannot read property,
updateTodo of undefined,
which means I missed something
in our toggleCompleted.
So data came back undefined, well,
let's just console log that,
and figure out what happened.
>> I think you have todo and todos.
>> Did I do it wrong?
UpdateTodo, And
then that's coming back as-
>> UpdatedTodo?
>> This is the one that we need.
Let's see what I did.
Okay, so we should have logged this, but
we're getting nothing back,
so that's interesting.
>> Yeah, update versus updated.
>> Yeah.
>> [INAUDIBLE] parts, yeah.
>> Never mind.
>> Yeah,
something wrong is happening here.
Let's see if we're getting there,
and it's just not logging correctly.
It's not giving us anything back,
interesting.
>> Does it need to be error first,
or am I?
>> It needs to be awaited,
is what's wrong.
>> Sorry, makes sense.
>> It is getting toward the end of
the day, and my brain is shutting off.
Okay, so this should solve the problem.
The problem was that this is returning
a promise, and since we didn't await it,
that'll do it.
So after we have awaited sendQuery,
we will get the data and the errors back.
And upon toggling, it checks, hey, hey.